Enhance project description (#97)
engelmi/hirte: README.developer.md

# Hirte

## Development

### Environment Setup

In order to develop the project you need to install following dependencies.

#### Prerequisities

To build the project on CentOS Stream 9 you need to enable CodeReady Build repository:
```bash

> sudo dnf install -y dnf-plugin-config-manager

Reviewer: In general I advice against using `dnf -y` as it doesn't give a chance to the user to review what's going on/to happen

Reviewer: (I'm not going to make the comment for all dnf commands ;) )

Author: Yes, but that should be a recipe for developers to quickly setup developer environment, so using `-y` seems very convenient to me in this case.

Reviewer: I would still prefer pay attention to what's happening on their system

Author: OK, removed `-y`

```

### Code Style

[clang-format](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html) is used to enforce a unified code style. All source files can be formatted via:
```bash
make fmt
```

For the most part, this project follows systemd coding style: [systemd-coding-style](https://github.com/systemd/systemd/blob/main/docs/CODING_STYLE.md).
Also, this project borrows some of the coding conventions from systemd.  For example, function names pertaining to D-Bus services look like <code>bus_service_set_property()</code>.

A formatting check of existing files can be executed by:
```bash
make check-fmt
```

### Linting

[clang-tidy](https://clang.llvm.org/extra/clang-tidy/) is used for static analysis. All source files can be checked via:
```bash
make lint
```

Some errors detected by `clang-tidy` can be fixed automatically via:
```bash
make lint-fix
```

### Build

The project is using [meson](https://mesonbuild.com/) build system.

The binaries can be built via
```bash
meson setup builddir
meson compile -C builddir
```

After successfully compiling the binaries, they can be installed into a destination directory (by default `/usr/local/bin`) using:
```bash

> meson install

Reviewer 2: This should be one changed to one of the follwoing:

- cd builddir && meson install
- meson install -C builddir

Author: Done

```

To install it into `builddir/bin` use:
```bash
meson install -C builddir --destdir bin
```

After building, three binaries are available:

> - __hirte__: manager, the central unit which is run on the main machine, sending commands to the nodes and monitoring the progress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- __hirte__: the orchestrator which is run on the main machine, sending commands to the nodes and monitoring the progress
```

Author: Done

- __hirte-agent__: the executing unit which connects with the manager and executes commands on the node machine

> - __hirtectl__: a helper program to send an commands to the manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- __hirtectl__: a helper (CLI) program to send an commands to the manager
```

Author: Done

### Unit tests

Unit tests can be executed using following commands
```bash
meson setup builddir
meson compile -C builddir
meson test -C builddir
```

### Running

At the moment the hirtectl binary do only print a simple greeting and exit.

#### hirte

Hirte, the orchestrator can be run via:
```bash

> ./bin/hirte -P <port>

Reviewer 2: Please add this option

hirte -c ./doc/example.ini

If the nodes are not registered as in example.ini they will not connect

Author: Done

```
It starts a tcp socket and accepts connections, but does not do much more at this point.
This can be tested manually via
```bash
nc <host> <port>
```

#### hirte-node

Nodes can be run via:
```bash

> ./bin/hirte-agent -H <host> -P <port>

Reviewer 2: You need to add -n <node-name>

Author: Done

> ./bin/hirte-agent -n -H <host> -P <port>

Reviewer 2: Sorry was not fully accurate -n <agent_name>

Author: Done
